"You cannot change your decision overnight, but you can change your direction overnight.","Jim Rohn"
"Life is an echo. What you send out comes back. What you sow, you reap. What you give, you get. What you see in others, exists in you.","Zig Ziglar"
"It always seems impossible until it is done.","Nelson Mandela"
"Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow.","Helen Keller"
"In every day, there are 1,440 minutes. That means we have 1,440 daily opportunities to make a positive impact.","Les Brown"
"The only time you fail is when you fall down and stay down.","Stephen Richards"
"When you are enthusiastic about what you do, you feel this positive energy. It is very simple.","Paulo Coelho"
"You are never too old to set another goal or dream a new dream.","Les Brown"
"Practice puts brains in your muscles.","Sam Snead"
"Take advantage of every opportunity to practice your communication skills so that when important occasions arise, you will have the gift, the style, the sharpness, the clarity, and the emotions to affect other people.","Jim Rohn"
"Either you run the day or the day run you.","Jim Rohn"
"The trouble is, you think you have time.","Buddha"
"The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.","Leo Tolstoy"
"If not now, when?","Anonymous"
"Time is what we want most, but what we use worst.","William Penn"
"For every minute you are angry, you lose 60 seconds of happiness.","Anonymous"
"Time is free, but it is priceless. You cannot own it, but you can use it. You cannot keep it, but you can spend it. Once you have lost it you can never get it back.","Harvey Mackay"
"There is only one thing more precious than our time and that is who we spend it on.","Leo Christopher"
"People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing -- that's why we recommend it daily.","Zig Ziglar"
"Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.","Dale Carnegie"
"If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.","Napoleon Hill"
"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.","Steve Jobs"
"I didn’t get there by wishing for it or hoping for it, but by working for it.","Estée Lauder"
"Be patient with yourself. Self-growth is tender; it’s holy ground. There’s no greater investment.","Stephen Covey"
"You can waste your lives drawing lines. Or you can live your life crossing them.","Shonda Rhimes"
"People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing -- that's why we recommend it daily.","Zig Ziglar"
"Someday is not a day of the week.","Denise Brennan-Nelson"
"Hire character. Train skill.","Peter Schutz"
"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.","Steve Jobs"
"Sales are contingent upon the attitude of the salesman -- not the attitude of the prospect.","W. Clement Stone"
"Everyone lives by selling something.","Robert Louis Stevenson"
"If you are not taking care of your customer, your competitor will.","Bob Hooey"
"The golden rule for every businessman is this: Put yourself in your customer's place.","Orison Swett Marden"
"If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.","Napoleon Hill"
"The best leaders are those most interested in surrounding themselves with assistants and associates smarter than they are. They are frank in admitting this and are willing to pay for such talents.","Antos Parrish"
"Beware of monotony; it’s the mother of all the deadly sins.","Edith Wharton"
"Nothing is really work unless you would rather be doing something else.","J.M. Barrie"
"Without a customer, you don’t have a business -- all you have is a hobby.","Don Peppers"
"To be most effective in sales today, it's imperative to drop your 'sales' mentality and start working with your prospects as if they've already hired you.","Jill Konrath"
"Pretend that every single person you meet has a sign around his or her neck that says, 'Make me feel important.' Not only will you succeed in sales, you will succeed in life.","Mary Kay Ash"
"It's not just about being better. It's about being different. You need to give people a reason to choose your business.","Tom Abbott"
"Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.","Andy Warhol"
"Be patient with yourself. Self-growth is tender; it’s holy ground. There’s no greater investment.","Stephen Covey"
"Without hustle, talent will only carry you so far.","Gary Vaynerchuk"
"Working hard for something we don't care about is called stressed; working hard for something we love is called passion.","Simon Sinek"
"I’d rather regret the things I’ve done than regret the things I haven’t done.","Lucille Ball"
"I didn’t get there by wishing for it or hoping for it, but by working for it.","Estée Lauder"
"Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.","Og Mandino"
"The key to life is accepting challenges. Once someone stops doing this, he’s dead.","Bette Davis"
"Move out of your comfort zone. You can only grow if you are willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new.","Brian Tracy"
"Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.","Joshua J. Marine"
"Don't let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning.","Robert Kiyosaki"
"How dare you settle for less when the world has made it so easy for you to be remarkable?","Seth Godin"
"Energy and persistence conquer all things.","Benjamin Franklin"
"Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th.","Julie Andrews"
"Grit is that ‘extra something’ that separates the most successful people from the rest. It’s the passion, perseverance, and stamina that we must channel in order to stick with our dreams until they become a reality.","Travis Bradberry"
"Failure after long perseverance is much grander than never to have a striving good enough to be called a failure.","George Eliot"
"The secret of joy in work is contained in one word -- excellence. To know how to do something well is to enjoy it.","Pearl Buck"
"Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.","Dale Carnegie"
"Action is the foundational key to all success.","Pablo Picasso"
"The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity.","Ayn Rand"
"Formula for success: rise early, work hard, strike oil.","J. Paul Getty"
"The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack of will.","Vince Lombardi"
"Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.","Henry Ford"
"It is your determination and persistence that will make you a successful person.","Kenneth J Hutchins"
"You can waste your lives drawing lines. Or you can live your life crossing them.","Shonda Rhimes"
"Determine that the thing can and shall be done, and then we shall find the way.","Abraham Lincoln"
"Done is better than perfect.","Sheryl Sandberg"
"Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth.","Bradley Whitford"
"Good, better, best. Never let it rest. 'Til your good is better and your better is best.","St. Jerome"
"Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.","Charles R. Swindoll"
"Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.","Carol Burnett"
"Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.","Helen Keller"
"Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.","Og Mandino"
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.","Confucius"
"With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.","Eleanor Roosevelt"
"Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.","Simone de Beauvoir"
"The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power.","Unknown"
"Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.","Thomas A. Edison"
"Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy.","Norman Vincent Peale"
"Either I will find a way, or I will make one.","Philip Sidney"
"The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence.","Confucius"
"Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small. A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.","Lao Tzu"
"Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.","Bo Jackson"
"It always seems impossible until it's done.","Nelson Mandela"
"Do not wait; the time will never be 'just right.' Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along.","George Herbert"
"Beginning today, treat everyone you meet as if they were going to be dead by midnight. Extend to them all the care, kindness and understanding you can muster, and do it with no thought of any reward. Your life will never be the same again.","Og Mandino"
"You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water.","Rabindranath Tagore"
"Consult not your fears but your hopes and your dreams. Think not about your frustrations, but about your unfulfilled potential. Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in, but with what it is still possible for you to do.","Pope John XXIII"
"A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.","Ayn Rand"
"Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God.","Leo Buscaglia"
"Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.","Theodore Roosevelt"
"Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory.","George S. Patton"
"We should not give up and we should not allow the problem to defeat us.","A. P. J. Abdul Kalam"
"To enjoy good health, to bring true happiness to one's family, to bring peace to all, one must first discipline and control one's own mind. If a man can control his mind he can find the way to Enlightenment, and all wisdom and virtue will naturally come to him.","Buddha"
"Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.","Buddha"
"Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.","Buddha"
"To keep the body in good health is a duty... otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.","Buddha"
"We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think. When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves.","Buddha"
"Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship.","Buddha"
"No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path.","Buddha"
"Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life.","Buddha"
"It is better to conquer yourself than to win a thousand battles. Then the victory is yours. It cannot be taken from you, not by angels or by demons, heaven or hell.","Buddha"
"Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.","Buddha"
"You can search throughout the entire universe for someone who is more deserving of your love and affection than you are yourself, and that person is not to be found anywhere. You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe deserve your love and affection.","Buddha"
"Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned.","Buddha"
"Just as treasures are uncovered from the earth, so virtue appears from good deeds, and wisdom appears from a pure and peaceful mind. To walk safely through the maze of human life, one needs the light of wisdom and the guidance of virtue.","Buddha"
"Whatever words we utter should be chosen with care for people will hear them and be influenced by them for good or ill.","Buddha"
"There are only two mistakes one can make along the road to truth; not going all the way, and not starting.","Buddha"
"However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them?","Buddha"
"We are what we think. All that we are arises with our thoughts. With our thoughts, we make the world.","Buddha"
"What we think, we become.","Buddha"
"You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger.","Buddha"
"Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind.","Buddha"
"With fools, there is no companionship. Rather than to live with men who are selfish, vain, quarrelsome, and obstinate, let a man walk alone.","Buddha"
"You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.","Buddha"
"Work out your own salvation. Do not depend on others.","Buddha"
"The mind is everything. What you think you become.","Buddha"
"Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without.","Buddha"
"I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done.","Buddha"
"Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small. A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.","Lao Tzu"
"Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.","Lao Tzu"
"Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished.","Lao Tzu"
"A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves.","Lao Tzu"
"Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love.","Lao Tzu"
"The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.","Lao Tzu"
"Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes. Don't resist them - that only creates sorrow. Let reality be reality. Let things flow naturally forward in whatever way they like.","Lao Tzu"
"I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures.","Lao Tzu"
"Life and death are one thread, the same line viewed from different sides.","Lao Tzu"
"In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present.","Lao Tzu"
"Silence is a source of great strength.","Lao Tzu"
"Be content with what you have; rejoice in the way things are. When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you.","Lao Tzu"
"Nothing is softer or more flexible than water, yet nothing can resist it.","Lao Tzu"
"If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading.","Lao Tzu"
"Mastering others is strength. Mastering yourself is true power.","Lao Tzu"
"To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders.","Lao Tzu"
"The key to growth is the introduction of higher dimensions of consciousness into our awareness.","Lao Tzu"
"Treat those who are good with goodness, and also treat those who are not good with goodness. Thus goodness is attained. Be honest to those who are honest, and be also honest to those who are not honest. Thus honesty is attained.","Lao Tzu"
"If you realize that all things change, there is nothing you will try to hold on to. If you are not afraid of dying, there is nothing you cannot achieve.","Lao Tzu"
"There was something undifferentiated and yet complete, which existed before Heaven and Earth. Soundless and formless, it depends on nothing and does not change. It operates everywhere and is free from danger. It may be considered the mother of the universe. I do not know its name; I call it Tao.","Lao Tzu"
"When the best leader's work is done the people say, 'We did it ourselves.'","Lao Tzu"
"When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you.","Lao Tzu"
"Health is the greatest possession. Contentment is the greatest treasure. Confidence is the greatest friend. Non-being is the greatest joy.","Lao Tzu"
"When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.","Lao Tzu"
"Truthful words are not beautiful; beautiful words are not truthful. Good words are not persuasive; persuasive words are not good.","Lao Tzu"
"Love is of all passions the strongest, for it attacks simultaneously the head, the heart and the senses.","Lao Tzu"
"Keep your thoughts positive because your thoughts become your words. Keep your words positive because your words become your behavior. Keep your behavior positive because your behavior becomes your habits. Keep your habits positive because your habits become your values. Keep your values positive because your values become your destiny.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"You can't change how people treat you or what they say about you. All you can do is change how you react to it.","Nicky Gumbel"
"Every day may not be good... but there's something good in every day","Alice Morse Earle"
"The POSITIVE THINKER sees the INVISIBLE, feels the INTANGIBLE, and achieves the IMPOSSIBLE.","Winston Churchill"
"Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you.","Walt Whitman"
"The way to happiness: Keep your heart free from hate, your mind from worry. Live simply, expect little, give much. Scatter sunshine, forget self, think of others. Try this for a week and you will be surprised.","Norman Vincent Peale"
"The best thing to give to your enemy is forgiveness; to an opponent, tolerance; to a friend, your heart; to your child, a good example; to a father, deference; to your mother, conduct that will make her proud of you; to yourself, respect; to all others, charity.","Benjamin Franklin"
"Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results.","Willie Nelson"
"I will not let anyone walk through my mind with their dirty feet.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.","Thomas A. Edison"
"Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase.","Martin Luther King, Jr."
"I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.","Og Mandino"
"With everything that has happened to you, you can either feel sorry for yourself or treat what has happened as a gift. Everything is either an opportunity to grow or an obstacle to keep you from growing. You get to choose.","Wayne Dyer"
"I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today.","William Allen White"
"In times of great stress or adversity, it's always best to keep busy, to plow your anger and your energy into something positive.","Lee Iacocca"
"When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive - to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love.","Marcus Aurelius"
"Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.","Lou Holtz"
"Take chances, make mistakes. That's how you grow. Pain nourishes your courage. You have to fail in order to practice being brave.","Mary Tyler Moore"
"In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.","Albert Einstein"
"Just remember, you can do anything you set your mind to, but it takes action, perseverance, and facing your fears.","Gillian Anderson"
"When one door closes, another opens; but we often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door that we do not see the one which has opened for us.","Alexander Graham Bell"
"Optimism is a happiness magnet. If you stay positive, good things and good people will be drawn to you.","Mary Lou Retton"
"When you can?t change the direction of the wind ? adjust your sails","H. Jackson Brown, Jr."
"If you don't stand for something you will fall for anything.","Malcolm X"
"No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin, or his background, or his religion. People must learn to hate, and if they can learn to hate, they can be taught to love, for love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite.","Nelson Mandela"
"Day by day, in every way, I am getting better and better","Emile Coue"
"If you persuade yourself that you can do a certain thing, provided this thing be possible, you will do it, however difficult it may be. If, on the contrary, you imagine that you cannot do the simplest thing in the world, it is impossible for you to do it, and molehills become for you unscalable mountains.","Emile Coue"
"When the imagination and will power are in conflict, are antagonistic, it is always the imagination which wins, without any exception.","Emile Coue"
"If you are to succeed in anything, you must first be able to imagine it.","Emile Coue"
"The power of thought, of idea, is incommensurable, is immeasurable. The world is dominated by thought.","Emile Coue"
"We possess within us a force of incalculable power, which if we direct it in a conscious and wise manner, gives us the mastery of ourselves and allows us not only to escape from physical and mental ills, but also to live in relative happiness.","Emile Coue"
"Rich is he who thinks he is rich and poor is he who thinks he is poor.","Emile Coue"
"Everyone of our thoughts, good or bad, becomes concrete, materializes, and becomes in short a reality.","Emile Coue"
"When you believe yourself to be master of your thoughts, you become so.","Emile Coue"
"We can make, to ourselves, very much stronger suggestions than anyone else can, whoever that person may be.","Emile Coue"
"Always think that what you have to do is easy and it will become so.","Emile Coue"
"It is the certainty that you are about to recover, that brings results, not the hope.","Emile Coue"
"Perhaps one day the dreams of Utopists may be realized and humanity will shake off the chains of materialism which still separate us from what we think to be supernatural knowledge, but which, in reality, is already in us, only waiting to be discerned.","Emile Coue"
"It's not the number of years that makes you old, but the idea that you are getting old.","Emile Coue"
"Conscious auto-suggestion, made with confidence, faith, and perseverance realizes itself automatically, in all matters within reason.","Emile Coue"
"If you have the thought in your mind that you are sick, you surely will be.","Emile Coue"
"Simplify always - do not complicate.","Emile Coue"
"We can be, and should be, the masters of events, and not their playthings.","Emile Coue"
"Always think of what you have to do as easy and it will be.","Emile Coue"
"Nothing is impossible to us, except of course, that which is contrary to the laws of nature and the Universe.","Emile Coue"
"From our birth to our death we are all the slaves of suggestion.","Emile Coue"
"Patience and perseverance are necessary in autosuggestion, as well as in everything else.","Emile Coue"
"It is we ourselves who alone shall shape our destinies, rising always above the external circumstances and conditions which from time to time shall be thrown across our paths.","Emile Coue"
"Even evil and evil-doing can be overcome by suggestion.","Emile Coue"
"Carefully watch your thoughts, for they become your words. Manage and watch your words, for they will become your actions. Consider and judge your actions, for they have become your habits. Acknowledge and watch your habits, for they shall become your values. Understand and embrace your values, for they become your destiny.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"Relationships are based on four principles: respect, understanding, acceptance and appreciation.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"There are two days in the year that we can not do anything, yesterday and tomorrow","Mahatma Gandhi"
"Many people, especially ignorant people, want to punish you for speaking the truth, for being correct, for being you. Never apologize for being correct, or for being years ahead of your time. If you?re right and you know it, speak your mind. Speak your mind. Even if you are a minority of one, the truth is still the truth.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"Keep your thoughts positive because your thoughts become your words. Keep your words positive because your words become your behavior. Keep your behavior positive because your behavior becomes your habits. Keep your habits positive because your habits become your values. Keep your values positive because your values become your destiny.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"The true measure of any society can be found in how it treats its most vulnerable members","Mahatma Gandhi"
"Our greatest ability as humans is not to change the world; but to change ourselves.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"A customer is the most important visitor on our premises. He is not dependent on us. We are dependent on him. He is not an interruption in our work. He is the purpose of it. He is not an outsider in our business. He is part of it. We are not doing him a favor by serving him. He is doing us a favor by giving us an opportunity to do so.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"When I despair, I remember that all through history the way of truth and love has always won. There have been tyrants and murderers and for a time they seem invincible, but in the end, they always fall... think of it, always.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"If you want to change the world, start with yourself.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"The world is big enough to satisfy everyones needs, but will always be too small to satisfy everyones greed","Mahatma Gandhi"
"I don't reject Christ. I love Christ. It's just that so many of you Christians are so unlike Christ.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"You can chain me, you can torture me, you can even destroy this body, but you will never imprison my mind.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"To call woman the weaker sex is a libel; it is man's injustice to woman. If by strength is meant brute strength, then, indeed, is woman less brute than man. If by strength is meant moral power, then woman is immeasurably man's superior. Has she not greater intuition, is she not more self-sacrificing, has she not greater powers of endurance, has she not greater courage? Without her, man could not be. If nonviolence is the law of our being, the future is with woman. Who can make a more effective appeal to the heart than woman?","Mahatma Gandhi"
"The greatness of humanity is not in being human, but in being humane.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"If you worry about yesterday's failures, then today's successes will be few. The future depends on what we do in the present","Mahatma Gandhi"
"When you are right,you have no need to be angry. When you are wrong, you have no right to be angry.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"You may never know what results come of your actions, but if you do nothing, there will be no results.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"Education is the basic tool for the development of consciousness and the reconstitution of society.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"Speak only if it improves upon the silence.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"I came to the conclusion long ago that all religions were true and that also that all had some error in them, and while I hold by my own religion, I should hold other religions as dear as Hinduism. So we can only pray, if we were Hindus, not that a Christian should become a Hindu; but our innermost prayer should be that a Hindu should become a better Hindu, a Muslim a better Muslim, and a Christian a better Christian.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"I will form good habits and become their slave.","Og Mandino"
"I will greet this day with love in my heart.","Og Mandino"
"I will persist until I succeed.","Og Mandino"
"I am nature's greatest miracle.","Og Mandino"
"I will live this day as if it is my last.","Og Mandino"
"Today I will be master of my emotions.","Og Mandino"
"I will laugh at the world (Keep perspective)","Og Mandino"
"Today I will multiply my value a hundredfold.","Og Mandino"
"I will act now.","Og Mandino"
"I will pray for guidance.","Og Mandino"
"Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.","Jim Rohn"
"The road to nowhere is paved with excuses.","Mark Bell"
"We generate fears while we sit. We overcome them by action.","Unknown"
"Believing that we can improve through trial and error, through effort and practice is called a growth mindset.","Unknown"
"Actions speak louder than words.","Unknown"
"You are what you do, not what you say.","Unknown"
"Everyone can be greate because everyone can serve.","Unknown"
"The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result.","Albert Einstein"
"Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.","Seneca"
"The basic difference between an ordinary man and a warior is that a warior takes everything as a challenge while an ordinary man takes everything as a blessing or a curse.","Don Juan"
"I have not failed, but found 1000 ways to not make a light bulb.","Thomas Edison"
"The capacity to learn is a gift; The ability to learn is a skill; The willingness to learn is a choice.","Brian Herbert"
"The joy of being is the joy of being conscious.","Eckhart Tolle"
"We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations.","Charles R. Swindoll"
"Rather than being your thoughts and emotions, be the awareness behind them.","Eckhart Toller"
"The life we live is the lesson we teach.","Unknown"
"SHOULD is a victim word. COULD is a player word.","Fred Kofman"
"What can I do now?","Fred Kofman"
"What lesson can I learn?","Fred Kofman"
"Stop. Think. How do I want to respond?","Fred Kofman"
"What challenge am I facing now?","Fred Kofman"
"Tell me how you use your spare time, and how you spend your money, and I will tell you where and what you will be in ten years from now.","Napoleon Hill"
"A goal is a dream with a deadline.","Napoleon Hill"
"The man who does more than he is paid for will soon be paid for more than he does.","Napoleon Hill"
"Don't wait. The time will never be just right. Start where you stand, and work whatever tools you may have at your command and better tools will be found as you go along.","Napoleon Hill"
"Some people dream of success, while others wake up and work hard at it.","Napoleon Hill"
"Most great people have achieved their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure.","Napoleon Hill"
"Success comes to those who become success conscious.","Napoleon Hill" 
"Any idea, plan, or purpose may be placed in the mind through repetition of thought.","Napoleon Hill" 
"When your desires are strong enough, you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve.","Napoleon Hill"
"The starting point of all achievement is desire. Keep this constantly in mind. Weak desires bring weak results, just as a small fire makes a small amount of heat.","Napoleon Hill" 
"Great achievement is usually born of great sacrifice, and never the result of selfishness.","Napoleon Hill"
"Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune or temporary defeat.","Napoleon Hill" 
"Every adversity, every failure, every heartbreak, carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit.","Napoleon Hill"
"It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others succeed.","Napoleon Hill"
"Success is good at any age, but the sooner you find it, the longer you will enjoy it.","Napoleon Hill" 
"It takes half your life before you discover life is a do-it-yourself project.","Napoleon Hill" 
"Victory is always possible for the person who refuses to stop fighting.","Napoleon Hill"
"When defeat comes, accept it as a signal that your plans are not sound, rebuild those plans, and set sail once more toward your coveted goal.","Napoleon Hill"
"A positive mind finds a way it can be done; A negative mind looks for all the ways it can't be done.","Napoleon Hill"
"The way of success is the way of continuous pursuit of knowledge.","Napoleon Hill"
"Deliberately seek the company of people who influence you to think and act on building the life you desire.","Napoleon Hill"
"You are the master of your destiny. You can influence, direct and control your own environment. You can make your life what you want it to be.","Napoleon Hill"
"You give before you get.","Napoleon Hill"
"Strength and growth come only through continuous effort and struggle.","Napoleon Hill"
"The ladder of success is never crowded at the top.","Napoleon Hill" 
"The more you give, the more comes back to you.","Napoleon Hill"
"Think twice before you speak, because your words and influence will plant the seed of either success or failure in the mind of another.","Napoleon Hill" 
"Create a definite plan for carrying out your desire and begin at once, whether you are ready or not, to put this plan into action.","Napoleon Hill"
"When you have talked yourself into what you want, right there is the place to stop talking and begin saying it with deeds.","Napoleon Hill"
"Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success.","Napoleon Hill"
"Plan your work and work your plan.","Napoleon Hill"
"You can think your way into or out of almost any circumstance, good or bad.","Napoleon Hill"
"Procrastination is the bad habit of putting of until the day after tomorrow what should have been done yesterday.","Napoleon Hill"
"If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.","Napoleon Hill"
"No one is ready for a thing until he believes he can acquire it.","Napoleon Hill"
"Keep you mind fixed on what you want in life: not on what you don't want.","Napoleon Hill" 
"Everyone faces defeat. It may be a stepping-stone or a stumbling block, depending on the mental attitude with which it is faced.","Napoleon Hill"
"Life reflects your own thoughts back to you.","Napoleon Hill" 
"If you do not see great riches in your imagination, you will never see them in your bank balance.","Napoleon Hill"
"Action is the real measure of intelligence.","Napoleon Hill"
"You become what you think about.","Napoleon Hill"
"To be a star, you must shine your own light, follow your own path, and don't worry about darkness, for that is when the stars shine brightest.","Napoleon Hill" 
"Whatever your mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve.","Napoleon Hill"