"Carefully watch your thoughts, for they become your words. Manage and watch your words, for they will become your actions. Consider and judge your actions, for they have become your habits. Acknowledge and watch your habits, for they shall become your values. Understand and embrace your values, for they become your destiny.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"Relationships are based on four principles: respect, understanding, acceptance and appreciation.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"There are two days in the year that we can not do anything, yesterday and tomorrow","Mahatma Gandhi"
"Many people, especially ignorant people, want to punish you for speaking the truth, for being correct, for being you. Never apologize for being correct, or for being years ahead of your time. If you?re right and you know it, speak your mind. Speak your mind. Even if you are a minority of one, the truth is still the truth.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"Keep your thoughts positive because your thoughts become your words. Keep your words positive because your words become your behavior. Keep your behavior positive because your behavior becomes your habits. Keep your habits positive because your habits become your values. Keep your values positive because your values become your destiny.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"The true measure of any society can be found in how it treats its most vulnerable members","Mahatma Gandhi"
"Our greatest ability as humans is not to change the world; but to change ourselves.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"A customer is the most important visitor on our premises. He is not dependent on us. We are dependent on him. He is not an interruption in our work. He is the purpose of it. He is not an outsider in our business. He is part of it. We are not doing him a favor by serving him. He is doing us a favor by giving us an opportunity to do so.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"When I despair, I remember that all through history the way of truth and love has always won. There have been tyrants and murderers and for a time they seem invincible, but in the end, they always fall... think of it, always.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"If you want to change the world, start with yourself.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"The world is big enough to satisfy everyones needs, but will always be too small to satisfy everyones greed","Mahatma Gandhi"
"I don't reject Christ. I love Christ. It's just that so many of you Christians are so unlike Christ.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"You can chain me, you can torture me, you can even destroy this body, but you will never imprison my mind.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"To call woman the weaker sex is a libel; it is man's injustice to woman. If by strength is meant brute strength, then, indeed, is woman less brute than man. If by strength is meant moral power, then woman is immeasurably man's superior. Has she not greater intuition, is she not more self-sacrificing, has she not greater powers of endurance, has she not greater courage? Without her, man could not be. If nonviolence is the law of our being, the future is with woman. Who can make a more effective appeal to the heart than woman?","Mahatma Gandhi"
"The greatness of humanity is not in being human, but in being humane.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"If you worry about yesterday's failures, then today's successes will be few. The future depends on what we do in the present","Mahatma Gandhi"
"When you are right,you have no need to be angry. When you are wrong, you have no right to be angry.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"You may never know what results come of your actions, but if you do nothing, there will be no results.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"Education is the basic tool for the development of consciousness and the reconstitution of society.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"Speak only if it improves upon the silence.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.","Mahatma Gandhi"
"I came to the conclusion long ago that all religions were true and that also that all had some error in them, and while I hold by my own religion, I should hold other religions as dear as Hinduism. So we can only pray, if we were Hindus, not that a Christian should become a Hindu; but our innermost prayer should be that a Hindu should become a better Hindu, a Muslim a better Muslim, and a Christian a better Christian.","Mahatma Gandhi"
